Here's a list of fairly peculiar things.

7F01EBC0:
  This is the basis for a switch that detected which Bond actor was set to the current folder.  It recieves A0=folder#, and would have returned V0=0-3.
  Originally, you selected the Bond on the folder menu, and this impacted various aspects of the game, including your character in the two bonus stages - Aztec and Egypt.  
  Currently, it only returns V0=0.  Note, this routine is read-only.  A seperate would exist for write purposes.

Cuff 8:
  Cuff 8 is a remainant of the 4-bond era.  It calls the invalid 7F01D56C, and would have selected a body/head combo specific for the selected Bond for the folder.
  Interestingly, there is no attempt to set the cuff to the corresponding bond within this routine.  Instead, it relies on runtime switches.
  To a degee this is still functional.  It still contains valid switches, although the selections are all set to Brosnan's tux and multiplayer head.  V0, again, will only be 0.
  By utilizing the folder number (OR V0,A0,R0) and setting different heads/bodies, you can simulate the original behaviour.
The correct cuff list is:
0	Blue suit
1	Brosnan tuxedo
2	jungle camo
3	boiler suit
4	snowsuit
5	Connery tuxedo
6	Dalton tuxedo
7	Moore tuxedo
8	selected Bond actor

Folders:
  Folders also retain most of the original code used to display the various Bond characters.  It also relies on the deleted function to select them.
  Currently, an unhacked rom does not load or use the other Bond actor images.  You must manually set each to its corresponding slot.
  Again, by utilizing the folder number and adding the images into the directory, the existing switches can be used to simulate the original behaviour.

Ammo Crates:
  In the ammo section of ammo crates, each ammo total register is preceeded by a value -1 (FFFF).  This value, is in fact, fully functional.
  This value is a model number, which can be set to load the specified model into memory.  The model itself is not used.
  The speculation is that originally ammo crates functioned more like the embeded objects with ammo clips within them.  When destroyed, they originally would spill out the specified number of ammo clips using a particular model.
  This would have been ridiculous in multiplayer, so the ammo crate was changed to the current mode and clips simply embedded within crates.

